Let's go ahead and set up hilt and the structure of our project.
Let's get rid of all of this testing that we were doing earlier.
You no longer need that.
OK, let's go ahead and open our project structure here.
Files.
Inside of Main Java there.
Let's go to our folder, so right there, I'm going to right click create a few packages.
The first one's going to be components.
Square can put all the components, classes and so forth.
Let's create another package, call this data to AI for dependency injection.
We'll see that and.
Model.
Navigation, this is where we're going to put all the classes that pertain to navigation because this
app will need some navigation and we are going to add network.
Seems like a lot, but it's necessary Pozzi repository such.
We're getting there.
And ladies and gentlemen, and this past screens here, that's and then last but not least again, put
your deals.
So it's always nice to have this structure because especially in projects are a little bit more complex.
You want to make sure that related classes are grouped together.
That's why we have these different packages, right?
OK, so at our package level, they're going to right click create a new.
Caitlin class and this I'm going to call this reader application such and this one will have to add
to the ad hilt at Hild Android app to say that this is going to, of course, allow the entire application
to to bind either dependencies.
So this actually has to go and invoke or inherit from application.
Android applications.
So application is the higher class that governs the entire application, right?
The entire project.
So before we forget this, we must make this official by going to Andrew Manifest and say the Android
name and we need to invoke this reroll application, Apple to say this indeed is the class that will
connect everything will have access to all the bindings.
And of course, all of the dependencies of the entire project, the entire app.
And don't forget to add the at hilt android, right?
And that's all we need to do for this class.
And next in our D-R.I.
Here, I'm going to right click creating new Kotlin class.
This is actually going to be an object such and I'm going to call this app module.
This is where are we going to add providers that are needed to provide certain instances, for instance,
instances of repository instances of anything that we're doing will be needed in this application?
OK.
For that to work, we need to pass a few annotations here.
First of all, add module to say this is indeed a module.
And then I'm going to say at install in and pass the singleton component class and inside here we're
going to come back.
Like I said, this is where we're going to add more of the providers and so forth.
We'll get back to that now before we forget.
I usually do.
Let's go to main activity and just add also say at Android entry point to say that this main activity
is going to be the one that will receive all of the dependency injections.
When we say Android entry point to like that, I think for the basics when it comes to health dependency
injection, which should be good for now.
Of course, all of these other packages will be filled with classes and so forth.
So we are going to slowly ramp up our process here of pulling together this amazing application.
All right, I'll see you next.